Rule 1: Staff
Our staff are responsible for keeping this community safe. Please follow the directions of Moderators, Medical Professionals, and Trusted Users.
Rule 2: Channels
Use the correct channel for your discussion. Politics belongs in the debate channel, and conspiracy theories and rumors must be discussed in the conspiracy or unconfirmed channels. English is the only language supported at this time.
Rule 3: Disruptive Behavior
Do not spam discussion channels with text, images, or reactions. Excessive foul language and disruptive behavior is not allowed. Please reduce background noise in voice chat by using push-to-talk, or by decreasing your microphone sensitivity.
Rule 4: Respect
Please have respect for your fellow users and staff. Do not insult, demean, or harass them. Swearing/slang directed at other users is not permitted. Racism, homophobia, sexism, or religious attacks are not permitted. Do not maliciously offend others or discriminate against groups of people. Content considered NSFW is not permitted.
Rule 5: Dooming
Dooming (the act of making apocalyptic claims) is not welcome here.
Rule 6: Private Messaging
The direct messaging function of discord has the opportunity to be abused. Please refrain from direct messaging our staff without permission from them or another staff member. Direct messages sent to our staff are not private. (This does not apply if the matter is of urgent concern.)
Rule 7: Reporting ​​​
Every user is responsible for keeping our community safe. The report function is a tool you have to hold others accountable and helps our moderators. Please do not submit unwarranted reports, or the same report multiple times.
Rule 8: Advertising & Links
Advertising other servers, soliciting donations, and inundating others with links/resources is not permitted. This includes direct messages.
Rule 9: Misinformation
We take the spread of misinformation very seriously. You may not claim that you have COVID19 unless you provide adequate documentation to an administrator. The dissemination of misinformation is not permitted under any circumstance. Questionable claims must be backed up with credible evidence. If you cannot provide proper evidence, staff will redirect you to #theories-conspirancies-rumors or #covid19-unconfirmed-discussion.
Rule 10: Doxing
Revealing any personally identifiable information of others (doxing) is not allowed under any circumstance. Doing so will result in an immediate ban and is subject to further consequences with Discord.
Rule 11: Verifying
If you agree to follow these rules you may type `ihavereadtherules {{verifyCode}}` in the #verify channel. (Please keep in mind there is a space between the command and the secret code).
